ARDemo/README.md, before:

# ARDemo project

This is a test project used for testing and development of [`react-native-magic-script`](https://github.com/magic-script/react-native-magic-script) module.

## Prerequisites

1. In order to run this project, you need to have React Native installed. Please follow [this link](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html) to install React Native on your machine.

2. Make sure you have the [`react-native-magic-script`](https://github.com/magic-script/react-native-magic-script) module cloned to the same folder as this repo. Right now the `react-native-magic-script` module is locally linked with this project (see the value of `dependencies/react-native-magic-script` in `/ARDemo/package.json` file).

3. Install the required packages.

     - NOTE: `npm install` does not work at the moment! Please use `yarn` instead.
     - Call `yarn` from the main app folder (`./ARDemo`).

## Running the demo app (iOS)

1. Run iOS project in Xcode:

     - Open iOS project at `./ARDemo/ios/ARDemo.xcodeproj` in Xcode.
     - Select **ARDemo Release** as the active scheme. **ARDemo Debug** also works, but you will need the Metro Boundler running during the app run (e.g. if you unplug your device from the computer, the app will close and won't work as a standalone app).
     - Run the app by pressing `Cmd+Shift+R` or by pressing the `Build and run` button.
     - If the app does not build (you get multiple errors) then press the `Build and run` button again. ¯\\_(ツ)\_/¯
     ![Build and run](docs/set_active_scheme.jpg)

2. Run **Metro Bundler** (unless it runs automatically):

     - From the app folder run: `react-native start`.

3. In the iOS simulator press `Cmd+R` to reload the app. For the device, you need to shake the device and select **Reload** to reload the app.

## Running the demo app (Android)

 Open a console and go to the project directory, then give the commands:
- `yarn`
- `react-native run-android`

In case of build problems do the following:
- remove the `react-native-magic-script` directory from `node_modules`,
- remove the `yarn.lock` file from the project directory,
- give the `yarn` and `react-native run-android` commands

or use the script (save as .bat file for Windows):

    set projectDir=C:\Users\Darek\Documents\magicScript\magic-script-components-platform-android\ARDemo
    rd /s /q %projectDir%\node_modules\react-native-magic-script
    del /f %projectDir%\yarn.lock
    start cmd /k "cd /d %projectDir% & yarn & react-native run-android"

*If the build still fails, remove the `build` directories from this project (`android/build` and `android/app/build`), as well as from the `react-native-magic-script/android`.

Commit message:

Add bash runner script based on Windows script

ARDemo/README.md, after:

# ARDemo project

This is a test project used for testing and development of [`react-native-magic-script`](https://github.com/magic-script/react-native-magic-script) module.

## Prerequisites

1. In order to run this project, you need to have React Native installed. Please follow [this link](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/getting-started.html) to install React Native on your machine.

2. Make sure you have the [`react-native-magic-script`](https://github.com/magic-script/react-native-magic-script) module cloned to the same folder as this repo. Right now the `react-native-magic-script` module is locally linked with this project (see the value of `dependencies/react-native-magic-script` in `/ARDemo/package.json` file).

3. Install the required packages.

     - NOTE: `npm install` does not work at the moment! Please use `yarn` instead.
     - Call `yarn` from the main app folder (`./ARDemo`).

## Running the demo app (iOS)

1. Run iOS project in Xcode:

     - Open iOS project at `./ARDemo/ios/ARDemo.xcodeproj` in Xcode.
     - Select **ARDemo Release** as the active scheme. **ARDemo Debug** also works, but you will need the Metro Boundler running during the app run (e.g. if you unplug your device from the computer, the app will close and won't work as a standalone app).
     - Run the app by pressing `Cmd+Shift+R` or by pressing the `Build and run` button.
     - If the app does not build (you get multiple errors) then press the `Build and run` button again. ¯\\_(ツ)\_/¯
     ![Build and run](docs/set_active_scheme.jpg)

2. Run **Metro Bundler** (unless it runs automatically):

     - From the app folder run: `react-native start`.

3. In the iOS simulator press `Cmd+R` to reload the app. For the device, you need to shake the device and select **Reload** to reload the app.

## Running the demo app (Android)

 Open a console and go to the project directory, then give the commands:
- `yarn`
- `react-native run-android`

In case of build problems do the following:
- remove the `react-native-magic-script` directory from `node_modules`,
- remove the `yarn.lock` file from the project directory,
- give the `yarn` and `react-native run-android` commands

or use the script:

**For Windows (save as .bat file for Windows)**

    set projectDir=C:\Users\Darek\Documents\magicScript\magic-script-components-platform-android\ARDemo
    rd /s /q %projectDir%\node_modules\react-native-magic-script
    del /f %projectDir%\yarn.lock
    start cmd /k "cd /d %projectDir% & yarn & react-native run-android"

**For macOS (save as .sh file, make sure the file is in ARDemo directory)**

     #!/bin/bash
     
     projectDir=`pwd`
     rm -rf "$projectDir/node_modules/react-native-magic-script"
     rm "$projectDir/yarn.lock"
     yarn
     react-native run-android

*If the build still fails, remove the `build` directories from this project (`android/build` and `android/app/build`), as well as from the `react-native-magic-script/android`.
